hey guys what's up welcome handling
after surgery I'm Steve Zaragoza shall
we learn to mix that we don't basically
ice cream sandwiches with candy bacon in
it doesn't get any real enough even you
pour can make it we got weak ingredients
you better prize all the hell out of
that button right so first thing we're
gonna do is we're gonna chop this
awesome bacon I don't want to put in a
pan and fry the hell up just the finest
green dance trance dance through the ice
cream dance next up we're gonna make ice
cream so what we're gonna do is gonna
pour all that back into this badge is 4
cups of milk next we're going to put a
teaspoon of this awesome stuff with us
now we're gonna add some good
old-fashioned cane sugar we're just
gonna go in there awesome sugar so we
want to get as much air as possible
I just bag so here I'll know that will
you seal yeah so much milk inside of
this bamboo make us crazy right we're
gonna set down a big sack of milk right
here and we're gonna put all of the ice
in this little bucket over here into
this best
she's K Casey would you do are handling
it pretty well
hahaha I see it I see it easy so we're
gonna add this cup of salt into the ice
dam to put Daniel bag into the bag ice
and salt we're gonna seal that yeah
here's a game I like to play ready
[Music]
so now we're going to candy this bacon
let me get a handful royal friends and
bacon are so good together
and we're going to do a little less
cinnamon boom cinnamon is in hmm almost
shoes I'm I wish my mama she smells like
that oh mama shoes so once your milk
starts crystallizing it feels kind of
thick from all that shaking animal I'll
put it in the freezer
okay it's mouth she'll walk Mari it's on
cookie time lube up that damn ah she is
some Pam because you always want to lube
uh oh that's a lot of Pam my mother says
there's never too much money
beep answer me look who he used to put
all the stuff on that plate in apples
brown sugar with that regular sugar we
got some brown sugar now we're doing
some butter and we're just gonna get it
all together what you want to do is you
want to make sure that this little
mixture here is one consistency now
we're going to the eggs in one at a time
there's an eggy next day next day we
kiss it for good luck yeah teaspoon up
there's my baby soda hot water booty
spoon make sure that dissolves in there
nice and good
that's beautiful splash just kidding
that's good that's a Joe Peck do with
the kids
we like to splash things on girls faces
no just kids
and now I'm going to add this hot water
and baking soda boom into the mix we're
gonna add some of this delicious brown
sugar it up right up bacon and you make
every cups of flour a boom into the mix
Trisha I want to give you the honors of
adding these chocolate chips does you
know how much on top yes my love I'm not
exactly in my breakfast I like chocolate
in my bath time and you like it all over
her body I do that as well sometimes
it's good for your skin
do is make meet the ball meet them on
there squish up Trisha what are we doing
with these cookies
we're in Davies cookies and we're gonna
put them in that oven for 15 minutes
it's about how long I last in the sack
reading an average is 7 to 13 good job I
do look about seven minutes of crying we
can candy the bacon we did we made some
giant ass cookies beautiful bacon inside
and chocolate chips you guys did this
right 72 hours later you have ice cream
all right we go oh don't make that noise
why would be waitin boo cooking like you
we're gonna sprinkle something delicious
candy bacon on shall we hey here we go
the people just don't put a hat on that
[Music]
ultimate ice cream sandwiches it doesn't
get any better than that doesn't get any
better than oh my god guys thank you so
much for watching handle it I'm Steve
Zaragoza Hershberger if you want to
check out more videos we're on we're on
SourceFed nerd youtube.com slash
SourceFed nerd you can say that is there
Oh glob was milky ice woman today
my mouth uh-huh because it's up you guys
gotta go okay yeah hungry I'm gonna come
with my good you're done yeah pack it up
let's go clear this up gone crease
[Music]